Change log entry for Streaming Analytics Python Upgrade (#3393)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/analytics/apama-in-c8y-2025-05-29-Python-Upgrade.md

---
date: 

> title: Streaming Analytics Python upgrade to 3.13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Python used by Streaming Analytics upgraded to version 3.13 
```

> title: Cumulocity Streaming Analytics Python upgrade to 3.13

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Streaming Analytics Python upgrade to 3.13
```

Reviewer 2: I recommend to remove "Cumulocity" from the title as this is somehow obvious in the Cumulocity change logs.
